[Music]
ten home exercises to get rid of belly
fat who has time to go to the gym plus
when the cold weather strikes you ain't
get me out the door in the morning just
to workout not to mention there are
those of us who just don't feel
comfortable exercising with a bunch of
strangers looking at us but of course
that spare tire has got to go well I've
got the perfect solution for you
try these ten at-home exercises to
finally get rid of that belly fat once
and for all no leaving your house no
special equipment needed and no excuses
before you get into your workout clothes
go ahead and hit that subscribe button
to join the bright side of life we put
out new videos every single day of the
week so ring that little bell to be
notified each time we post you all set
great now let's do this thing together
[Music]
one five jumping jacks plus one Burpee
let's start with jumping jacks
stand up straight with your feet
together and your arms at your sides as
you jump up raise your arms over your
head and spread your feet when you land
from that position jump up again and
pull your legs back together and your
arms to your sides do five reps ready go
first of all jumping jacks are a great
way to get that heart pumping plus
you'll burn calories while building
muscle strength they're pretty easy
peasy quick and easy so moving on now
for that Burpee then down and place your
palms on the floor jump and extend your
legs back behind you into a push-up
position from there jump again and bring
your feet back under you now it's your
turn then jump back and return perfect
for this first exercise aim to do at
least three sets alternating between the
five jumping jacks and the one Burpee
and let's keep moving right along
- for mountain climbers plus to sit
through start by doing mountain climbers
get into a push-up position pull one
knee up towards your chest as high as
you can do the same thing with your
other knee
do four repetitions with each hop
counting as one and start like jumping
jacks and burpees mountain climbers are
a cardio exercise which means they burn
fat like no other they also target your
upper and lower abs shoulders and leg
muscles and now for the sit through get
into the push-up position bring your
right hand up and kick your left leg
through while simultaneously rotating
your hips out to the side so that your
butt almost touches the ground now
return to the push-up position do the
same thing with your left hand and right
leg repeat two times ready get into
position
kick that left leg through and now the
right again left and right you you'll
really feel this one targeting your
entire core three plyo step ups for this
exercise you'll need a step stool or low
seated chair just make sure it's stable
enough to hold your weight put one foot
on the step or chair put your weight on
that foot and jump up while jumping
switch feet so that the other one is now
on the step keep doing that back and
forth for eight reps starting nap
this exercise has all kinds of benefits
to begin with it increases your overall
leg strength really hitting those quads
calves and lower abs it can also help
you if you have some issues with your
lower back for push-ups get into
position with only your toes and hands
touching the ground keep your elbows
close to your body and lower your torso
to the ground so that your elbows make a
90 degree angle raise your body by
pushing away from the ground let's do
eight reps and go push-ups train all
kinds of muscles in your body this plank
like position target your abs and
obliques pushing up works your chest
muscles and lowering yourself back down
target your upper arms and back when
done regularly not only will you see
better muscle tone but also improve
posture we're halfway through the
workout don't give up on me now five -
split squat jumps plus one Burpee stand
up straight and then jump into a lunch
make sure your front beam doesn't go
past your toes after a couple of seconds
jump again and switch legs do two of
these ready set go
split squat jumps are a great exercise
for lean and strong legs they strengthen
your glutes quads hamstrings and of
course apps and now let's do a burpee
again remember the form squat down jump
back into a push-up and jump again into
the starting position when you do this
exercise on your own time do three sets
that is do to split jumps one Burpee
three times
[Music]
six toe taps for this exercise you'll
need a medium sized ball something like
a volleyball or dodge ball will do place
the ball in front of you on the ground
put a toe over the ball
hop and alternate between tapping one
foot and the other on top of the ball
repeat this exercise eight times three
two one go this might look like a purely
leg exercise like a lot of the exercises
in this workout but believe it or not
the act of bringing your leg up actually
engages your lower abs you know that
annoying poof that's so hard to target
that's why we do leg exercises to get
rid of belly fat what's cool about these
toe taps is that they also help your
coordination and balance out - almost
there and done you're doing great
keep it up seven plank walks start by
getting into a straight arm plank now
bend each elbow one at a time to switch
into a forearm play your elbow should be
positioned right below your shoulders at
a 90 degree angle keep that body
straight and don't let your hips tip
again one arm at a time lift yourself
back up into a straight arm plank do
eight reps ready and begin take it slow
on this one it's not about speed but
correct form if you're looking for an
exercise to sculpt your core the plank
is it it even targets those deep
abdominal muscles which when trained
work is a sort of natural corset for
your waistline another advantage of
doing plank walks is that it reduces
back pain it also improves flexibility
posture balance and your mood yes yes
and yes eight sprinter situps
start by lying on your back on the
ground or an exercise mat keep your
elbows tight at your side but bend them
at a 90 degree angle kind of like you're
holding an invisible ball over your
belly
then engage your abs to crunch up as you
do this bring your right elbow back and
your left knee up it's sort of like
you're sprinting just on the ground
repeat this exercise eight times
switching sides on each count on your
mark get set go
sprinter sit-ups work not only your abs
but your hip flexors as well and that's
a good thing since hip flexor muscles
often get too tight and don't allow you
to have a full range of motion and done
[Music]
nine squat thrusts
stand up straight with your feet
shoulder-width apart lower yourself into
a deep squat place your hands on the
ground in front of you and jump back
into a push-up position jump up again
reversing the movements do eight
repetitions starting now squat thrusts
are perfect for toning your muscles and
burning fat they involve your abs glutes
hamstrings quads triceps shoulders and
chest
besides this exercise improves your
endurance and strength you're breaking a
sweat yet well maybe our final exercise
will do it ten
sumo goblet squat pulses say that five
times fast anyway here's how to do this
oddly named exercise spread your feet
wide with your toes pointing outward hey
it's kind of like what sumo wrestlers do
ah now I get it lower yourself down into
a squat bending your knees at a 90
degree angle now bring your hips up but
only slightly you'll mostly remain in a
squat just bouncing up and down a little
do eight pulses and go sumo goblet squat
pulse is mostly target your quads but
they also strengthen your calves hip
flexor glutes and outer thighs as well
as tighten your wraps
[Music]
and that's it for today's workout way to
go champ
if this routine gets too easy over time
just add more sets and reps oh and get
ready for a total body transformation
and the flat tummy of your dreams are
you gonna make this workout part of your
daily routine
do you know any other awesome exercises
that eliminate belly fat let us know in
the comments below remember to give this
video a like share it with your friends
and maybe even do this workout together
with a buddy be sure to subscribe and
join us on the bright side where life is
more fun active and exciting
[Music]
you